Not an EROVER, and not from Amazon, but probably identical Mine arrived this afternoon, and at age 77 I mastered it in an hour with no falls! I used two lightweight walking sticks for the first two 10-minute sessions. Getting on is easy: turn it on, wait for a moment for the electronics to stabilize, put one foot firmly on one pad. The unit will lock, making it easy to step up with the other foot. Getting off is the reverse: stop, take the weight off of one side and the unit will lock, then step down. Easy and natural, but if you try to manage the process it can become difficult or even risky. Control is somewhat counterintuitive - a learning obstacle. You do not move forward by leaning forward, nor do you stop by leaning back. It's all in the ankles. Toes down (watch it! - this thing can take off) to go forward, heels down to slow and stop. So far, that's ok. But to turn LEFT, the right toe goes down and/or the left heel goes down. The reverse is true for a right turn. That takes some practice, but once you achieve comfort and all the synapses are adapted to this thing, you can achieve incredible maneuverability - even do a spin in one place! I disassembled mine and another no-brand unit from another reseller, and found them to be identical right down to the packaging and internal wiring, though the wheel patterns differed (mine looks like the Mercedes logo, the other one had a small star in the center). There may be only two manufacturers (I've seen 8" and 10" wheels), but some 8" units are labeled with the names of volume importers/labelers such as IO Hawk, PhunkeyDuck, Monorover, etc. I just made an order today, it will arrive the end of the month, I WILL RESPOND back to this review in SEPTEMBER 2015 after a good week or 2 of playing with it. Very sketchy but ehh... someone on amazon as to tell people if its worth the money. $370? thats the cheapest I could find anywhere. hopefully it doesn't break within the year. it'll be such a bummer, if it ever does ill be back on this review. - Sothea aug 1 2015. UPDATE: AUGUST 14 2015 - So I made an order on July 31 and was expected to arrive around Aug 27 - Sept 15, guess what! It came in yesterday Aug 13th!!!! So after 5 mins on my segway, it was kinda hard balancing and constantly spinning in circles, and a few scratches already. I made my way to Walmart and got a ton of cabinet bumpers like i don't know 36 bumpers for like 10 bucks, and stuck them everywhere where the scratches were made if you can see in my photo thats attached. Learning time I say 20mins and your good to go and off in the streets and at the tennis court and running the beach sidewalk! SUPER WORTH IT! ill be back if any altercation happen such as break downs, broken, faulty, acting weird. so far so good! I got my wheel about a month after I ordered it, and it broke within the first hour of receiving it. Right when I opened the box I noticed that the left wheel had some friction between the wheel wall and the inside of the case. I only used the device indoors, because it happened to be raining the day I received it. After a little bit of use the machine literally "died" on me in the middle of me using, and I was thrown on to the floor. After this happened it wouldn't turn back on until I plugged it into the charger, but the second I plugged it in it went back to full charge. I used the smart wheel for about another hour after that before the center joint started to sag towards the ground. When I noticed this was happening I looked closer at the device and noticed that the four most central screws on the bottom were not even there to begin with. Now the smart wheel can only go forwards and backwards, while the middle of the toy literally drags/scrapes across the ground. The turning function is completely gone. I have been in contact with the seller since the day I got the smart wheel, and they are not being very helpful in the returning process. After about a weeks worth of emails, they are still asking me if I can put the device back together myself. I don't understand why that would even be my obligation because the screws were missing when the box arrived. Never the less, I have tried to fix it but to align the plastic casing with the inner metal requires a machine. It has now been two weeks since I was first in contact with the seller, and they are finally trying to accept my return package. This is great, besides the fact that I'm going to have to wait a month for the smart wheel to be returned, and then another month to wait for them to ship me a new one. All in all, the machine was a blast for the couple hours I got to ride on it. But other then that I'd say this has been by far the worst experience I've had dealing with a merchant on Amazon. Photo of box attached. Item pretty much failed immediately. The first problem – one footboard would shake violently when I put my foot on it, making it too unstable to place my other foot on it; I had to hold it still against a wall, curb, etc. before putting the first foot on. The second, and much worse problem – while riding, one of the footboards collapsed. The board was then V-shaped and entirely unrideable. I've attached photos to this review. A third minor problem was that one of the lights was pushed into the item itself. More cosmetic problem, but still not supposed to be there. Obviously neither of these are "normal" problems, so I'm giving the seller the benefit of the doubt, and will try one again. Bought this through Amazon Prime, so this unit will be on its way to be exchanged or refunded. Whether I get a replacement or purchase another after refunding, I'll update this review about whether the same problems happen or if the new one is okay. I would rather not go through the hassle of trying a different board, but we'll see.